# Project-Ideas

Hey there! 

So you got a fancy idea you'd like to share? Feel free to edit this file with the details about your project. Don't write a PhD thesis alright, just write the basic stuff like what it's all about and why you'd want to others to work on it.

Alright, that's it for now, we'll be in touch to discuss the project further. 

*Your project idea goes below this line* 

`Project Idea`
### Cookbook for Web Development(no foo-foo).

- **Explanation** : I think, we must collect hacks and tricks on various XYZ technologies and prepare an opensource cookbook, all hacks will specially focus on web development(for now). Developer on finding any hack or an easy way to code a thing, can share that in this cookbook which people can read on internet.
Personal blog, articles etc. generally do not recieve as much attention as author wants. How about everyone contribute their knowledge at the same place?

- **Example** : I once shared `How to improved default heading elements in sass`, which is an easy hack, and do not even require knowledge of sass completely.

- **Hey! But then a thousand websites do the same thing, what is different here?!** : Well, yeah you are right, and I won't argue on it. I always think of publishing those hack without unnecessary details, explanation etc. like no foo-foo sh\*t, plus, we are not going to develop a website, pay for it or carry any liability. This will all be on social media and ofcourse github.


### Rebuild all of thinsoldier's old projects

Rebuild all of thinsoldier's old projects with other technologies and/or refactor them with their current technologies to be better.

- **[Cinemix data](http://thinsoldier.com/cinemix/)**: I have 631,251 database records (and counting) logging every song that has been played on my favourite online radio station over the years. We could make an api that allows any front-end to query the data. Individuals or groups of team members can make their own projects that consume that api. Someone who just does design can propose a new design for my current version of the project. We can pick 1 design and then try out various CSS naming conventions of the same design and see what the pro's and cons are.  
  
  The database records are generated by some web-scraping code written in php they gets run as a cron job every 60 seconds. The current front-end is super basic server side rendered php. Someone can rebuild that in node or python if they wanted to. My web server does not support node or python. unless I upgrade to a much more expensive package.
  
  This would be a good project because you already have fully working code to refer to and can just replicate that functionality with your preferred stack. It uses a real, _big_ database with lots of interesting data than can be queried in many interesting ways in case any members want to learn how to use SQL.
  
  I need to remove sensitive data from the codebase and change my database settings before exposing the git repo to the public.
  
  I will update soon with a dump of the database file... Or I might just make a quick url that you can to download all the live data as a huge json file.
  
  
- **Barz Noble - Musician Site**: viniciusarre has already started [rebuilding it with React](http://vivid.thinsoldier.com/). The [current site](http://www.barznoble.com/) was my own crappy custom JS with a little bit of php that wasn't necessary for that version. I only rebuilt it with JS because the artist wanted to have [music playing all the time](http://www.barznoble.com/x/1.37/) instead of the music stopping and starting every time you switched pages. But recently he decided to not have music playing all the time which means it doesn't need to be a single-page-app anymore. But since vini has already rebuilt it with React I'd like to eventually rebuild it with Vue.js to see what that would be like.  

  This project makes use of embeds from soundcloud, the youtube api, and the wordpress.com api. It is not a wordpress site. I pulls all (most) of the text content from the artists account on wordpress.com via their api. I would like to make a custom audio player that uses the Soundcloud api. I would like to use the Facebook api for the photo gallery.  
  
  The git repo is here [https://bitbucket.org/thinsoldier/barznoble](https://bitbucket.org/thinsoldier/barznoble)


- **[Corporate info site](http://dic.bahama.land/)** - I don't see any benefit to rebuilding this as a single page app unless you also do server side rendering of the React code so you don't miss out on search engine bot traffic indexing the text content. But maybe someone can convince me otherwise.  
  
  The calculator page would be better if the calculator was a single well designed Vue.js component instead of the multi-page multi-step way it works now. Jaredcaraway expressed interested in converting the calculator to node but I have not heard from them for a while.
  
  I recently refactored the php to use a routing and templating system which _should_ make it easier for non-php users to understand how it all works if they understand the node Express library.
  
  I also recently converted all the CSS to Sass (.scss) and tried implementing a proper css naming convention. I don't think I did a good job with either of those tasks and would **appreciate a code review**. I didn't use BEM but now I feel like doing it all over again using BEM. What do you think?
  
  While updating the css I also used CSS Grid to make the design responsive. I'm not 100% done with the responsivity changes. When I do finish I'll want to refactor all of the css to be *mobile-first*. [The original unresponsive site is here.](http://www.dic.bs/)  
  
  The git repo is here [https://bitbucket.org/thinsoldier/thyme.deposit-insurance-corp](https://bitbucket.org/thinsoldier/thyme.deposit-insurance-corp)
